[battery] add doc comments in source, simplify typing (#12592)
expo/expo: packages/expo-battery/CHANGELOG.md

### 🛠 Breaking changes

> - Simplify types by removing the `*Listener` type wrappers and inlining the type definitions in the events responses. ([#12592](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/12592) by [@Simek](https://github.com/simek))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed following types: `BatteryLevelUpdateListener `, `BatteryStateUpdateListener` and `PowerModeUpdateListener` as they were only wrapping one-argument events responses. Use event types explicitly instead: `BatteryLevelEvent `, `BatteryStateEvent` and `PowerModeEvent`. ([#12592](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/12592) by [@Simek](https://github.com/simek))
```

### 🐛 Bug fixes

> - Remove `peerDependencies` and `unimodulePeerDependencies` from Expo modules. ([#11980](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/11980) by [@brentvatne](https://github.com/brentvatne))

Reviewer: Funny, why it is changed 🤔 @Simek, do you manually edited it? 🤔

Author: Yup, is it incorrect change?

Author: @bbarthec I have reverted the formatting change.

Reviewer: That change was ok 😉 I was just curious 🧐 
In the future you can adjust the visual part of CHANGELOGs for the older entires if you like 💪
